hello very good everyone I'm imp and
today I bring you a new trick to talk
with two multiplayer and well this is
to have many more things to put them
in a ballet class as you see I have
six advantages a c4 a silencer
grip and the soul is worth it
we need two xbox controls and two
accounts is good I give you the grace is
angel and ximo for helping me for leaving me his
account and that and good lets your channel in
the description now what we will have
what to do to create a class worth
and we erase what we have put in the
class that we want to do we erase it
everything as you see do not have erased and
we put playmore and a main weapon that
have accessories is worth I put the mp7
when we arrived put we have to
stay on top of the weapon we have put
ok without giving it anywhere and we throw
back I'll leave it a bit with
calm so you have time to do the
things are worth once we are on top
of the weapon
to attract until we are in creating
lessons
now it's time to put the command fold
We suck the command 2 and choose
another different account I choose mine
Imp
When you have connected, we will have to give you
to the wing to put command 2 and give
Y
and look for the player of command 1 we have
added I was the angel and ximo so
I have added I'm going over the angel
and above and above player card you
I hit the middle button and close session
OK
when we arrived to do the session with the
command 1 we return to the button of the
medium and we have to give 7 times to the
because it will give us an error we already have the
7 times and now we will see how we are
it's about creating class and we'll see how it works
we are left in the background worth it
we give down to wildcards that yes
we will see it in the background we put
dangerous nearby and now we give
three times up 2 for the right
and x and it's ok even if we do not see it in the
background looks like a little
bright voucher worth now we have the
back and we'll see what we put x 2
ok even if we have not seen it
has wildcard is placed worth
now we have to put this
public game and we return to the
public party and create a class you
we give to the class that we are doing
and we put on top of the main weapon
and now again back to create
a class
and we put the command 2 again and we do
the same we put the command 2
now we will have to give him to connect the
command is worth it to be put there in
the group
now we will have him at age and
get on top of the command name 1
give wing and give it again to do the
session is valid and we will return will not return
to give the same error then we will have
of giving again seven times to the
it's worth once we have 27 times the
with command 1 we give it again for
below we will see it in the background
we give wildcards
and we give to
main shooter let's throw a
main and good when we see your side
we will have to catch the main one and give him
up until we get in
accessories of the main weapon in the
third slot that almost is not appreciated
because it's in the background and before
choose the accessory that we want we have
to give the X, which is to eliminate
will remove the wildcard and then
accessory that we accept it
we give the accessory that we want
example I give aa silencer is worth a
Once we have given it, it will stay
without as if we did not have value then that
which is well done because now we
we go down again to jokers it's worth it already
I say you will see the whole background
ok we go down to how you tell us and we choose
Advantage 1 We give you 1 advantage and now
we give it two times up or three
Sometimes I do not know how many were and for right
until we get in the second
advantage 1 slot
I already say that it is seen with the second plane
is you have to fix it well it looks like
bright is good when we're in
the second slot as we choose the advantage
that we want the advantage to one always
and when that puts it in advantage I
I do the class as I want if you
believe and put something else by doing it with
another thing and well told me the advantage 1 and
before choosing it I give to eliminate the
X and now I choose it always very
important that eliminate first as
well before giving him the
of the advantage that you want is worth you give to
the X will eliminate it if you then give it
to the top of what you want is worth
I'm going to put six advantages and I'm going to
put an advantage 1 an advantage 2 a
advantage 3 I have put the playmore I've
put an accessory and now after
when we have it proposed
I give it back and choose the other
Normal advantages without doing any trick
then I will have them all is worth now what
I will explain better Arabs that I am not
doing the same thing the chosen
Advantage 2 I will choose an advantage 2
often secondary is eliminated the
wildcard I choose it and as you see it does not come out
nothing but really I have it is going to give them
the same with the 3 advantage
look how you say I'll choose wildcard from
Advantage 3
there he said
and well now I'm going again with the
second plane I'm going to the three advantage
to the second slot and I choose a plant
choose the seat of the x and to the vale now
we have it all so good as well
since then we give it back
until you see until I put zombies
and that we give to forward to another
once until creating a class
and now, as you can see , it comes out that we have
the three the two play annoying
now we choose any advantage myself
because I'm doing the advantages
ok said an advantage of each
I put hard line
here I get more agile and
conditioning and as you can see I have six
advantages two playmore and without accessories
Well now we are going to take away the clamor
well let's put the accessories
first that lets us put one we
we will put handles we have 1010
we erase the clamor now and I can
put two accessories we will have
grip put the muffler and six
advantages ok I hope it is that you know you have
liked the trick to see if we reached 300
likes I know it's a bit messy but
the one who practiced what they catch is worth
you can do it with anything
we put two lethal two tactics 32
accessories so on up to 13 things worth
although the wild cards are not visible
so we could not have two
advantages or anything and good I hope that you
have liked to see if we go to 300 like
comment comparencias subscribe in
our subscribed and until the next
video people